When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When collaborating with others.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
more control over local repository. if conflicts exist it is possible to resolve them when manually 
pulling. Automatically pulling could cause problems with  code that has not been committed/pushed.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
A fork is a copy of another reposiory on GitHub. The fork is hosted on GitHub. A clone is is a copy of a 
repository stored on your local machine. changes made to the clone can be pushed to the fork but do not 
affect the original repository that was forked. 
	Forks, clones, and branches are all ways to add new changes without
    affecting the existing version.  With branches the new changes are added in
    the same repository.  Forking and cloning both copy an entire repository to
    a new location.  The difference between forking and cloning is that forking
    is a special construct made by GitHub.  You can only fork a GitHub
    repository to another location on GitHub, while you can clone any Git
    repository to anywhere you have access to.

    I use branching for most cases where I want to add new changes to a
    repository while keeping an easy reference to a previous version, especially
    when collaborating with other people.  I clone a repository on GitHub when I
    want to work on that repository locally rather than using the GitHub
    website.  I fork a repository on GitHub when I want to make changes to that
    repository public, but I don't have permission to modify the original.

 What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
    If I am about to go without Internet access for a while, for example to work
    on a plane, I can update my local copy before I leave.  I can do this even
    if I'm not ready to merge those changes into my own branches yet.  Then if I
    want, I can perform the merge while offline, or I need to know what the
    remote version is at some point, I have an easy way to access it.